When I learned that I did the conversion drama in the studio, it was a very daunting task to me.
It was not easy because I had no experience.
The recording was going to take place in a private home without knowing how isolated room.
And I asked myself, hi, can it be possible?
It's when a Buddha says, we can do our own local isolated room.
We try to look for food and all the material necessary and we can make it with something.
The work that I had to do in the recording studio was to follow the reader.
That's make sure that when he's reading, he doesn't misread any word.
He doesn't mispronounce any word and he doesn't skip any.
So it's a work that needs a lot of concentration.
Sometimes, after the reader has read so well, the mission tells you it cannot enter.
It's too long.
And we have to retranslate the script in the studio.
The brothers in Kumbha and even the villages around, they were a wonderful support.
They supported in a way I never expected.
I'm a teacher, a mother and a housewife.
There are times I have to leave the school, rush to the house.
From the house, I keep the children before coming to the studio.
I really appreciated the support from my husband.
He has been supporting. That is very fine.
By this time, he added more to it.
He had to do some cleaning, do some laundry and other household works just to make sure that I am in this studio on time.
All long days, we used to have short meetings where to encourage us for the work that was within us during the week.
The voice that I'm using to talk, it does not belong to me.
It is Papa Jehovah who gave me the voice.
So if Papa Jehovah can tell me that during,
now it's time for me to use the voice I gave you.
Who am I to refuse?
Life in studio was sometimes very funny.
There were so many birds singing outside, even though they were singing so good and nice.
But that was the 7-day recording.
And for that, what I was supposed to go outside to drive the birds away so that we can consider their recording.
We were trying to get the sister to express a strong emotion, to cry.
We had to try, we tried, we tried.
Well, this is not God's right.
I was so excited that I would just say, excellent, excellent, excellent.
Forgotten that you are so mean to ask this man.
And my voice in the end, we recorded a nice part of the whole thing.
My body, my sister.
Actually, what am I going to do at this studio?
So I said, having an assignment.
They told me that let me tell them a bit of the assignment.
So I told them that it was confidential and they told me that I am a good girl.
The brothers and sisters of the recording team, apart from being brothers and sisters,
have considered them as close friends.
Because we have some great moments together.
Flushing together, going to the Kingdom Hall and also having some relaxation moments together
that was so encouraging for me to consider their work.
When we see the final production of the video,
if you ask me that, what did you actually do?
Come, I will tell you that, I don't know anything.
I cannot tell you what I really did because Jehovah's Period was actually working to carry out the work.